Theme "Aberration"
14 Days in total.

Stages 
0-Idea generation
1-Narrow Ideas to Achievable levels  - Targeting 3-5mins of gameplay, no more.
2-Specify Game Logic Required
3-Begin Prototyping w/Basic Assets
4-Create "Working Prototype"
5-Playtest? and accept feedback?
6-Create/Integrate Nicer Assets
7-Polish


FEB28 0        BEGIN
FEB29 0,1
MAR01 0,1,2
MAR02 2,3      WEEKEND
MAR03 2,3      WEEKEND
MAR04 3
MAR05 3
MAR06 3
MAR07 3,4
MAR08 3,4
MAR09 4,5      WEEKEND
MAR10 4,5,6    WEEKEND
MAR11 6
MAR12 6
MAR13 7        SUBMIT BEFORE DEADLINE 
MAR14 7        




---FEB28
Stage0
Begin Idea Generation!

"Aberration"

Free Association Word List;
Alien, Mutant, Abnormal, Flawed, Unexpected, Weird, Strange, Unique, Sabotage, "Bump in the Road", "A Wrench in the Works"
Disfigured, Diseased, Inexplicable, Invader, Glitched, Hacked, Manipulated, "Led Astray", "Against the Grain", "Broke the Mold"
"Manufacture Defect", Defect, Defaced, Eldritch, Demonic, Devils Advocate, Satyr, Satire, Rotted, Desecrated, Infested, Impossible,
"A man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world"-(HL2), unknown, void born, shadow spawned, Unaligned,
Eerie, "Uncanny Valley",  "against all odds", "oppose normalcy", Unwelcome, Changed, Altered, Interruption, Diversion,

Themes that are somewhat obvious;
Killer-Aliens, Alien-Parasite, Killer-Robots, Rare-Unique-Protagonists, Mimics/Alternates, Demonic-Influence,
Mutated-Nature, Government-Coverup-of-Something-Abberant,


Where would be an "Aberration"?
during a dissection, In a remote location, a liminal space, a hole in reality, a common room in a house, in a normal place, during a natural process,
in someone's behaviour, in the ocean, in a cave, in the woods, in the news, in a city, in your body, in your friends body, 

Where shouldn't be an "Abberation"?
While Cooking, During a medical checkup, In your hometown, 


What emotions could an "Aberration" cause?
Fear, Terror, Confusion, Mystery, Discovery, 

What are some known "Aberrations"?
Mutations in Biology, Defects in Manufacturing, Novel Ideas, Strange Weather, New Discoveries, Changes in Behaviour, Deviations from Procedure, Deviations from Moral Standards,
Unexplained Events/Mysteries, An Unmapped Location, Something Never Before Percieved.


Interesting, the only thing opposite to an aberration is something normal, standard, unchanged. 
And so aberrations are in contrast to the normal, and in a world of only aberration, normal would become aberration.  


Okay, now I need some concepts to combine with that are detached from my Free Association Word List;

Some things I'd like to make a game about;
Microorganisms -Playing as a Cell
Retro Games- Some N64 style graphic platformer
Factory Automation Games- The Factory Must Grow
Man Vs Machine- Man's Hubris in the face of our own creations
A game that's fun. unique in some way. enjoyable. some story conveyed. 



---FEB29

In the morning I became fixated on the idea of a factory game, sorting out defects
and shenanigans involving that premise.

I'll keep generating ideas and try to solidify concept soon.

Okay, I've fleshed out that Factory game a bit more


1.Gameplay will involve products moving on belt
- Unsure if you toggle belt direction or just pick items off belts with your mouse.
2.Defects will be introduced in some way
- Either machines in middle of belts make rare defects, or the products come from the top with rare defects.
3.A Tutorial character will teach you to play the game
4.That Tutorial character will eventually start asking for those defects to be put in a special area ("obviously he's keeping them for some reason")
5.A few more challenging levels with that side objective
6.For the climax, an inspector will ask you about those defective products
7.If you tell the Truth, The tutorial character either gets Disappeared/arrested or he disappears you (Based on your performance? in side objectives? unintuitive "you had extra time to document his crimes")
8.If you Lie to the inspector, The Tutorial character will force you to kill the inspector and give you more money.  (If you refuse he disappears you)
9.If He disappears you, it's because he can replace you with AI :)

I'm happy with the general premise!
Still some gameplay decisons to be made, And then technical specifications on how to build the game. 
I'll do some of that on paper and probably scan them in by the end of the jam?

Also gotta come up with a good name, that'd be a motivator.
"Factory Game",  "__ Industries", "__ .Inc", "__ .Co" ,




--MAR01

I'm uncertain if the game will be fun in it's current form..
I may need to design the game and try laying out some levels first..
It may be slightly tedious but that fits the factory vibe.. 



Game Elements:
Floor - detects fallen objects, subtracts score and removes objects?
On_Belt_Object - sits on belts and moves with their directions, also has a named type for sorting and scoring purposes.
Belt_Static - Static belts that are placed as part of scenario.. unsure if they'll ever switch direction
Belt_Turntable - Rotating belts that the player can influence the direction of, also allows side-feeding 
Belt_Sorter - a special sorter belt that puts one type of object in a green direction and everything else in another direction.
Belt_Input -a special belt that spawns Objects of a specific type
Belt_Output -a special belt that consumes Objects of a specific type and scores positive for correct object and negative for incorrect object
Belt_Manufacturer - a special belt that consumes Objects of a specific type and spawns another object of a specific type.   spawns a defect for mis-types. creates rare defects?

HUD:
Timer/Score?
Dialogue Box
  Manager Frame? 
  Inspector Frame?
Gameover Menu?
Pause Menu?
Game Start Menu


Started development since most elements are defined and some exploration within the engine is required to make things work.
This will also help me find the easy way and hard ways to make these game elements.